Add `redirectUrl` parameter to `startSSOFlow` (#2005)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/custom-flows/oauth-connections.mdx

  </Tab>

  <Tab>
    The following example **will both sign up _and_ sign in users**, eliminating the need for a separate sign-up page.

    The following example:

>     1. Accesses the `startSSOFlow()` method using the [`useSSO()`](/docs/references/expo/use-sso) hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Uses the [`useSSO()`](/docs/references/expo/use-sso) hook to access the `startSSOFlow()` method.
```

>     1. Calls the `startSSOFlow()` method with the `strategy` param set to `oauth_google`, but you can use any of the [supported OAuth strategies](/docs/references/javascript/types/sso#oauth-strategy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Calls the `startSSOFlow()` method with the `strategy` param set to `oauth_google`, but you can use any of the [supported OAuth strategies](/docs/references/javascript/types/sso#oauth-strategy). A `redirect_url` param is also set to redirect the user once they finish the authentication flow.
```

>     1. Calls the `startSSOFlow()` method with the `strategy` param set to `oauth_google`, but you can use any of the [supported OAuth strategies](/docs/references/javascript/types/sso#oauth-strategy). A `redirect_url` param is also set to redirect the user once they finish the authentication flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Calls the `startSSOFlow()` method with the `strategy` param set to `oauth_google`, but you can use any of the [supported OAuth strategies](/docs/references/javascript/types/sso#oauth-strategy). The optional `redirect_url` param is also set in order to redirect the user once they finish the authentication flow.
```
